Ensure equal versions have equal hashes (#283)
python-semver/python-semver: docs/usage.rst

(for examples, see :ref:`sec_max_min`) and :func:`sorted`.

> Version Equality

Reviewer: Could we have the title parallel to the others? I think, there is a verb missing. So maybe something like this:

```suggestion
Determining Version Equality
```

----------------

> Note that when comparing two versions, the ``build`` part is ignored::

Reviewer: I think, we need to explain what _version equality_ is or how we understand that. Maybe something like this:

```suggestion
Version equality means for semver, that major, minor, and patch parts are
equal in both versions you compare. The build part is ignored, for example::
```

Maybe you can find a better phrase. :wink:

    >>> v = semver.VersionInfo.parse("1.2.3-rc4+1e4664d")
    >>> v == "1.2.3-rc4+dedbeef"
    True

This also applies when a :class:`semver.VersionInfo` is a member of a set, or a
dictionary key::

    >>> d = {}
    >>> v1 = semver.VersionInfo.parse("1.2.3-rc4+1e4664d")
    >>> v2 = semver.VersionInfo.parse("1.2.3-rc4+dedbeef")

>     >>> d[v1] = 1

Reviewer: Sorry, I'm not sure what are you trying to show here. Probably I've overlooked something. Could you enlighten me? :-)

Author: I was trying to illustrate that semver-style equality means that if two versions are equal with different `build`s, then python won't be able to distinguish them as distinct dict keys or set members.

This may be helpful or harmful to authors depending what they're trying to do, but in any case it's surprising in Python that `Obj(args) == Obj(different_args)` (except for primitives). There isn't too much precedent for it. So I was trying to think of important implications of this design and illustrate those to reduce the surprise.

Reviewer: Ahh, now I got it. Thanks! :+1:
